The best answer to anger is silence. - Marcus Aurelius
The more we value things outside our control, the less control we have. - Marcus Aurelius
How ridiculous and how strange to be surprised at anything which happens in life. - Marcus Aurelius
You have power over your mind – not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength. - Marcus Aurelius
The best revenge is not to be like your enemy. - Marcus Aurelius
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart. - Marcus Aurelius
Confine yourself to the present. - Marcus Aurelius
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive – to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love. - Marcus Aurelius
You can commit injustice by doing nothing. - Marcus Aurelius
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one. - Marcus Aurelius
Each day provides its own gifts. - Marcus Aurelius
Give yourself a gift, the present moment. - Marcus Aurelius
The only wealth which you will keep forever is the wealth you have given away. - Marcus Aurelius
Have I been made for this, to lie under the blankets and keep myself warm? - Marcus Aurelius
Conceal a flaw, and the world will imagine the worst. - Marcus Aurelius
Life is neither good or evil, but only a place for good and evil. - Marcus Aurelius
I cannot escape death, but at least I can escape the fear of it. - Marcus Aurelius
How trivial the things we want so passionately are. - Marcus Aurelius
Settle on the type of person you want to be and stick to it, whether alone or in company. - Marcus Aurelius
Consider at what price you sell your integrity, but please, for God’s sake, don’t sell it cheap. - Marcus Aurelius
Think of the life you have lived until now as over and, as a dead man, see what’s left as a bonus and live it according to Nature. - Marcus Aurelius
Love the hand that fate deals you and play it as your own, for what could be more fitting? - Marcus Aurelius
It never ceases to amaze me: we all love ourselves more than other people, but care more about their opinion than our own. - Marcus Aurelius
If it is not right, do not do it, if it is not true, do not say it. - Marcus Aurelius
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts. - Marcus Aurelius
Choose not to be harmed — and you won’t feel harmed. Don’t feel harmed — and you haven’t been. - Marcus Aurelius
External things are not the problem. It’s your assessment of them. Which you can erase right now. - Marcus Aurelius
You could leave life right now. Let that determine what you do and say and think. - Marcus Aurelius
Be tolerant with others and strict with yourself. - Marcus Aurelius
If anyone can refute me—show me I’m making a mistake or looking at things from the wrong perspective—I’ll gladly change. It’s the truth I’m after, and the truth never harmed anyone. - Marcus Aurelius
In your actions, don’t procrastinate. In your conversations, don’t confuse. In your thoughts, don’t wander. In your soul, don’t be passive or aggressive. In your life, don’t be all about business. - Marcus Aurelius
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality. - Seneca
Ignorance is the cause of fear. - Seneca
While we wait for life, life passes. - Seneca
Life is long, if you know how to use it. - Seneca
Hurry up and live. - Seneca
Cease to hope and you will cease to fear. - Seneca
Wealth is the slave of a wise man and the master of a fool. - Seneca
Only time can heal what reason cannot. - Seneca
While we are postponing, life speeds by. - Seneca
Life, if well lived, is long enough. - Seneca
Hang on to your youthful enthusiasms, you will be able to use them better when you are older. - Seneca
He who is brave is free. - Seneca
It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness. - Seneca
It is more civilized to make fun of life than to bewail it. - Seneca
Difficulty comes from our lack of confidence. - Seneca
Life is very short and anxious for those who forget the past, neglect the present, and fear the future. - Seneca
What really ruins our character is the fact that none of us looks back over his life. - Seneca
Religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by rulers as useful. - Seneca
It does not matter how many books you have, but how good are the books which you have. - Seneca
When a person spends all his time in foreign travel, he ends by having many acquaintances, but no friends. - Seneca
For many men, the acquisition of wealth does not end their troubles, it only changes them. - Seneca
The greatest remedy for anger is delay. - Seneca
If a man knows not which port he sails, no wind is favorable. - Seneca
He who fears death will never do anything worthy of a man who is alive. - Seneca
This is our big mistake: to think we look forward to death. Most of death is already gone. Whatever time has passed is owned by death. - Seneca
Nothing, to my way of thinking, is a better proof of a well ordered mind than a man’s ability to stop just where he is and pass some time in his own company. - Seneca
People are frugal in guarding their personal property; but as soon as it comes to squandering time they are most wasteful of the one thing in which it is right to be stingy - Seneca
No person has the power to have everything they want, but it is in their power not to want what they don’t have, and to cheerfully put to good use what they do have. - Seneca
I judge you unfortunate because you have never lived through misfortune. You have passed through life without an opponent—no one can ever know what you are capable of, not even you. - Seneca
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak. - Epictetus
No man is free who is not master of himself. - Epictetus
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them. - Epictetus
It is difficulties that show what men are. - Epictetus
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens. - Epictetus
A ship should not ride on a single anchor, nor life on a single hope. - Epictetus
No great thing is created suddenly. - Epictetus
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly. - Epictetus
As time passes we forget what we learned and end up doing the opposite, and hold opinions the opposite of what we should - Epictetus
It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them. - Epictetus
First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak. - Epictetus
If you want something good, get it yourself. - Epictetus
How long are you going to wait before you demand the best for yourself? - Epictetus
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. - Epictetus
Curb your desire—don’t set your heart on so many things and you will get what you need. - Epictetus
Where do I look for good and evil? Not to uncontrollable externals, but within myself to the choices that are my own. - Epictetus
Men are disturbed not by things but by the principles and notions which they form concerning things. - Epictetus
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for. - Epictetus
Don’t seek for everything to happen as you wish it would, but rather wish that everything happens as it actually will—then your life will flow well. - Epictetus
All the good are friends of one another. - Zeno
No loss should be more regrettable to us than losing our time, for it’s irretrievable. - Zeno
Extravagance is its own destroyer. - Zeno
Man conquers the world by conquering himself. - Zeno
Steel your sensibilities, so that life shall hurt you as little as possible. - Zeno
Better to trip with the feet than with the tongue - Zeno
A bad feeling is a commotion of the mind repugnant to reason, and against nature. - Zeno
We begin to lose our hesitation to do immoral things when we lose our hesitation to speak of them. - Musonius Rufus
Humanity must seek what is NOT simple and obvious using the simple and obvious. - Musonius Rufus
Since every man dies, it is better to die with distinction than to live long. - Musonius Rufus
Only by exhibiting actions in harmony with the sound words which he has received will anyone be helped by philosophy. - Musonius Rufus
Thus whoever destroys human marriage destroys the home, the city-the whole human race. - Musonius Rufus
If you accomplish something good with hard work, the labor passes quickly, but the good endures; if you do something shameful in pursuit of pleasure, the pleasure passes quickly, but the shame endures - Musonius Rufus
He with the most who is content with the least. - Diogenes
The foundation of every state is the education of its youth. - Diogenes
Blushing is the color of virtue. - Diogenes
Dogs and philosophers do the greatest good and get the fewest rewards. - Diogenes
I am not an Athenian or a Greek, but a citizen of the world. - Diogenes
The mob is the mother of tyrants. - Diogenes
Poverty is a virtue which one can teach oneself - Diogenes
I begin to speak only when I’m certain what I’ll say isn’t better left unsaid. - Cato
What man actually needs is not a tensionless state but rather the striving and struggling for some goal worthy of him. - Viktor Frankl
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves. – Viktor Frankl
You could not step twice into the same river. - Heraclitus
Fate guides the willing, but drags the unwilling. - Cleanthes
There could be no justice, unless there were also injustice; no courage, unless there were cowardice; no truth, unless there were falsehood. - Chrysippus
Let your desires be ruled by reason. — Cicero
